---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "redfox_clusters Data Source - terraform-provider-redfox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

---

# redfox_clusters (Data Source)
```terraform
data "redfox_clusters" "clusters" {
  namespace = "redfox-metadata"
  selector {
    match_labels = {
      foo = "bar"
    }
  }
}
```




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which name of the natip must be unique.
- `selector` (Block List, Max: 1) A list of selectors which will be used to find ClusterRoles and create the rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--selector))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `items` (List of Object) List of NatIps (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedblock--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) A list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) A map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of `match_expressions`, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) A key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators ard `In`, `NotIn`, `Exists` and `DoesNotExist`.
- `values` (Set of String) An array of string values. If the operator is `In` or `NotIn`, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is `Exists` or `DoesNotExist`, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `metadata` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--items--metadata))
- `spec` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--items--spec))
- `status` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedobjatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `resource_version` (String)
- `uid` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_engine` (String)
- `cluster_group` (String)
- `cluster_name` (String)
- `cluster_region` (String)
- `infra_account_id` (String)
- `infra_vendor` (String)
- `roles` (List of String)
- `service_phase` (String)
- `service_tag` (String)
- `vpc_id` (String)
- `database_subnet_ids` (List of String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `apiserver` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--items--status--apiserver))
- `aws_iam_idps` (Map of String)
- `service_account_issuer` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--items--status--apiserver"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.apiserver`

Read-Only:

- `ca_cert` (String)
- `endpoint` (String)
